[docs] Add Results on the top of the TPC-C page. (#4949)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/benchmark/tpcc-ysql/1000-wh/tpcc-ysql.md

### TPC-C Load Phase

Before starting the workload, you will need to load the data first. Make sure
to replace the IP addresses with that of the nodes in the cluster. Loader

> threads allows us to configure the amount of threads used to load the data. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
threads allow us to configure the number of threads used to load the data. For
```

Author: Done.

  --loaderthreads 48
```

<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Cluster</td>
      <td>3 nodes of type `c5.4xlarge`</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Loader threads</td>
      <td>48</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Loading Time</td>
      <td>~10 hours</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Data Set Size</td>
      <td>~420 GB</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

Tune the --loaderthreads parameter, which determines the concurrency of loading data, depending on the number of nodes and type of nodes in the cluster. The value specified here, 48 threads, is optimal for a 3-node cluster of type c5.4xlarge (16 vCPUs). For larger clusters, or machines with more vCPUs, increase this value accordingly.

### TPC-C Execute Phase

You can then run the workload against the database as follows:

```sh
$ ./tpccbenchmark --execute=true \
  --nodes=127.0.0.1,127.0.0.2,127.0.0.3 \
  --warehouses=1000
```

> Make sure to run the tool on a machine that has about `16GB` RAM.

Author: Done.

  --loaderthreads 48
```

<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Cluster</td>
      <td>3 nodes of type `c5d.4xlarge`</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Loader threads</td>
      <td>48</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Loading Time</td>
      <td>~10 hours</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Data Set Size</td>

>       <td>~420 GB</td>

Reviewer: Are these 3-way replicated sizes? Should these numbers be 1/3rd of what we're stating here?

Author: Not really sure. 
Whether we should put physical or logical sizes here.
Our cluster gives out these details. So shouldn't it be better to retain these values.

And Maybe specify that this is physical usage and not logical.

  --loaderthreads 48
```

> | Cluster Type | 3 c5.4xlarge nodes

Reviewer 2: Rename `Cluster Type` to `Cluster`

Author: Done.
